Satay or chicken satay conjures up a mental picture of perfectly grilled and nicely charred chicken skewers with mouthwatering peanut sauce.
These cute little onde-onde–also spelled as ondeh-obdeh–are infused with pandan (screwpine leaf) juice and filled with “Gula Melaka” or palm sugar.
Chicken curry originated from the Indian subcontinent but it’s popular in Southeast Asia, for example: Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. It’s also well loved by many in England and the Caribbean.
Char Hor Fun is traditionally Chinese, but there are many variations to this ubiquitous dish. It also called "Wat Tan Hor". The concept of the dish is the same, but it has a slightly different presentation and eggs are used in the gravy, hence the words “wat tan” which literally means “smooth eggs” in Cantonese.
Soto Ayam is a chicken noodle soup popular in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Mee Goreng means fried noodles in Malaysian language. In Malaysia, you can find this noodle dish in the market, or by the roadside. They are sold by street vendors or hawkers, especially Indian-Malaysia.
Grilled fish wrapped with banana leaves with spice marinade and seasoning. The fish is so tender, moist, with intense aroma and flavors.
Malaysian coconut milk rice, served with sambal, fried crispy anchovies, toasted peanuts and cucumber. Nasi Lemak is the de facto national dish of Malaysia. A good nasi lemak recipe is not to be taken lightly; it should be have amazing quality, texture, flavors, and the right ingredients.
Spicy, rich and creamy Malaysian/Indonesian beef stew made with beef, spices and coconut milk. Rendang is a rich and tender coconut beef stew which is explosively flavorful and beef rendang is the most popular rendang.
Laksa is a popular street food in Malaysia and Singapore; it’s a noodle dish that is quickly gaining popularity globally because of its scrumptious taste. Laksa generally means curry laksa, in a curry and coconut milk soup base.
Kaya toast is made of kaya, bread, and butter. Imagine warm and crispy toasted bread, slathered with a nice layer aromatic kaya jam (Malaysian coconut egg jam), and complete with a thin slice of cold butter.
Bak Kut Tea or Pork Bone Tea is a Chinese-Malaysian soup dish. Infused with herbs such as Dong Quai, cinnamon, star anise, and made with pork ribs, dried Shitake mushrooms, tofu puffs and garlic, Bak Kut Teh soup fills the kitchen with evocative scents.